feat: add upgrade page for v1.3.2 to v1.4.0 (#668)
harvester/docs: docs/upgrade/v1-3-2-to-v1-4-0.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: Upgrade from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0
title: "Upgrade from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0"
---

<head>
  <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.4/upgrade/v1-3-2-to-v1-4-0"/>
</head>

## General information

An **Upgrade** button appears on the **Dashboard** screen whenever a new Harvester version that you can upgrade to becomes available. For more information, see [Start an upgrade](./automatic.md#start-an-upgrade).

For air-gapped environments, see [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](./automatic.md#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

## Known issues

---

> ### 1. A VM with container disk can't be migrated whick makes the upgrade stuck in pre-drain status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. A VM with a container disk can't be migrated which makes the upgrade stuck in pre-drain status
```

> ### 1. A VM with container disk can't be migrated whick makes the upgrade stuck in pre-drain status
> 
> :::tip
> 
> Manually stop the VMs to continue the upgrade process.
> 
> :::
> 
> When upgrading from v1.3.2 to v1.4.0, the upgrade process may become stuck if a VM with a container disk cannot be migrated. There is some limitation of live migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 1. The upgrade process becomes stuck in the "Pre-draining" state.

A virtual machine with a container disk cannot be migrated because of a limitation of the Live Migration feature. This causes the upgrade process to become stuck in the "Pre-draining" state.

:::tip

Manually stop the virtual machines to continue the upgrade process.

:::
```
